Updated documentation and example data for 2.0 (#638)
griffithlab/pVACtools: docs/pvacfuse/output_files.rst

     - An intermediate file with variant and transcript information parsed from the input file(s).
   * - ``<sample_name>.tsv_<chunks>`` (multiple)
     - The above file but split into smaller chunks for easier processing with IEDB.
   * - ``<sample_name>.fasta``
     - A fasta file with mutant peptide subsequences for all

>        proccessable fusions combinations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       processable fusion combinations.
```

     - ``NA``
   * - ``Corresponding Fold Change``
     - ``NA``
   * - ``Best MT Percentile Method``

>      - Prediction algorithm with the lowest ic50 binding affinity percentile rank for this epitope

Author: ```suggestion
     - Prediction algorithm with the lowest binding affinity percentile rank for this epitope
```

   * - ``Best MT Percentile``

>      - Lowest percentile rank of this epitope's ic50 binding affinity of all prediction algorithms used

Author: ```suggestion
     - Lowest percentile rank of this epitope's ic50 binding affinity of all prediction algorithms used (those that provide percentile output)
```

     - ``NA``
   * - ``Median Fold Change``
     - ``NA``
   * - ``Median MT Percentile``

>      - Median ic50 binding affinity percentile rank of the mutant epitope across all prediction algorithms used

Author: ```suggestion
     - Median ic50 binding affinity percentile rank of the mutant epitope across all prediction algorithms used with valid percentile output
```

>      - Median binding affinity percentile rank of the mutant epitope across all prediction algorithms used with valid percentile output

Author: ```suggestion
     - Median binding affinity percentile rank of the mutant epitope across all prediction algorithms used (those that provide percentile output)
```

     - Was there a BLAST match of the mutated peptide sequence to the
       reference proteome?

filtered.tsv.reference_matches Report Columns
---------------------------------------------

This file is only generated when the ``--run-reference-proteome-similarity``
option is chosen.

.. list-table::
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Column Name
     - Description
   * - ``Chromosome``
     - The chromosome of this variant
   * - ``Start``
     - The start position of this variant in the zero-based, half-open coordinate system
   * - ``Stop``
     - The stop position of this variant in the zero-based, half-open coordinate system
   * - ``Reference``
     - The reference allele
   * - ``Variant``
     - The alt allele
   * - ``Transcript``
     - The Ensembl ID of the affected transcript
   * - ``Peptide``
     - The peptide sequence submitted to BLAST
   * - ``Hit ID``
     - The BLAST alignment hit ID (reference proteome sequence ID)
   * - ``Hit Definition``
     - The BLAST alignment hit definition (reference proteome sequence name)
   * - ``Query Sequence``
     - The BLAST query sequence
   * - ``Match Sequence``
     - The BLAST match sequence
   * - ``Match Start``

>      -  The match start position in the matched reference proteome sequence

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - The match start position in the matched reference proteome sequence
```
